here now Oh heads of Jacob and you
here now Oh heads of Jacob and you rulers of the house of Israel is it not
rulers of the house of Israel is it not
rulers of the house of Israel is it not for you to know justice you who hate
for you to know justice you who hate
for you to know justice you who hate good and love evil who stripped the skin
good and love evil who stripped the skin
good and love evil who stripped the skin from my people and the flesh from their
from my people and the flesh from their
from my people and the flesh from their bones who also eat the flesh of my
bones who also eat the flesh of my
bones who also eat the flesh of my people Flay their skin from them break
people Flay their skin from them break
people Flay their skin from them break their bones and chop them in pieces like
their bones and chop them in pieces like
their bones and chop them in pieces like meat for the pot like flesh in the
meat for the pot like flesh in the
meat for the pot like flesh in the caldron then they will cry to the Lord
caldron then they will cry to the Lord
caldron then they will cry to the Lord but he will not hear them he will even
but he will not hear them he will even
but he will not hear them he will even hide his face from them at that time
hide his face from them at that time
hide his face from them at that time because they have been evil in their
because they have been evil in their
because they have been evil in their deeds thus says the Lord concerning the
deeds thus says the Lord concerning the
deeds thus says the Lord concerning the prophets who make my people stray who
prophets who make my people stray who
prophets who make my people stray who chant peace while they chew with their
chant peace while they chew with their
chant peace while they chew with their teeth but who prepare war against him
teeth but who prepare war against him
teeth but who prepare war against him who puts nothing into their mouths
who puts nothing into their mouths
who puts nothing into their mouths therefore you shall have night without
therefore you shall have night without
therefore you shall have night without vision and you shall have darkness
vision and you shall have darkness
vision and you shall have darkness without divination the Sun shall go down
without divination the Sun shall go down
without divination the Sun shall go down on the prophets and the day shall be
on the prophets and the day shall be
on the prophets and the day shall be dark for them so the seers shall be
dark for them so the seers shall be
dark for them so the seers shall be ashamed and the diviners abashed indeed
ashamed and the diviners abashed indeed
ashamed and the diviners abashed indeed they shall all cover their lips for
they shall all cover their lips for
they shall all cover their lips for there is no answer from God but truly I
there is no answer from God but truly I
there is no answer from God but truly I am full of power by the Spirit of the
am full of power by the Spirit of the
am full of power by the Spirit of the Lord and of Justice and might to declare
Lord and of Justice and might to declare
Lord and of Justice and might to declare to Jacob his transgression and to Israel
to Jacob his transgression and to Israel
to Jacob his transgression and to Israel his sin now hear this new heads of the
his sin now hear this new heads of the
his sin now hear this new heads of the house of Jacob and rulers of the house
house of Jacob and rulers of the house
house of Jacob and rulers of the house of Israel who abhor justice and pervert
of Israel who abhor justice and pervert
of Israel who abhor justice and pervert all equity who build up Zion with
all equity who build up Zion with
all equity who build up Zion with bloodshed and Jerusalem with iniquity
bloodshed and Jerusalem with iniquity
bloodshed and Jerusalem with iniquity her heads judged for a bride
her heads judged for a bride
her heads judged for a bride her priests teach for pay and her
her priests teach for pay and her
her priests teach for pay and her prophets divine for money if they lean
prophets divine for money if they lean
prophets divine for money if they lean on the Lord and say is not the Lord
on the Lord and say is not the Lord
on the Lord and say is not the Lord among us no harm can come upon us
among us no harm can come upon us
among us no harm can come upon us therefore because of you
therefore because of you
therefore because of you Sian shall be plowed like a field
Sian shall be plowed like a field
Sian shall be plowed like a field Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins and the mountain of the temple like the
and the mountain of the temple like the
and the mountain of the temple like the bare hills of the forest
bare hills of the forest
bare hills of the forest [Music]